Tiancheng Group's assets are stronger than those of Zhanjia and Gujiajia.
Moreover, the person in charge of Tiancheng Group is Beijiang God King
Of course we don't dare to accuse him
As for you, even though you are full of clouds, don’t say it.
There are so many Taiwanese troops
But in terms of status and taste
you are still a wife
Zhantian adults naturally have the power to deal with disputes
your wife
No identity, no sense of place
What do you know
Identity jokes
Since you like me so much, I am a demon
I will cut off your emotions for sure
Send me orders
Immediately cooperate with all Duange and Xiujia
Should be announced externally
Kill and repair poems
This time, I will not protect you during the war.
Give you a call
A complete poem that can stop me from repairing my family
true or false
You make a cell phone call
As a star, he knows there is
Tiancheng Group
Cooperate with Xiujia
Secrets of Poetry Editing
How much cooperation does my family have with this repair family?
Not with Beijiangshan
Wang's relationship is very close
Then why would you cooperate with Xiu?
This is a close relationship
This is the biggest headache
You're in good shape now
The eyes that look like Susu are here
Pingzhen brother
I beg you to let Mr. Xiao go
Still for me
I only hurt you as a last resort
I promise to marry you
Protecting her
I don’t have her in my body today
Did I think she
She looks into my eyes
If by that time
I will also protect you
I can let her go
from now on
I only want thirty-nine
anything after thirty
The last step to help me
why i wait for you
People's small town